fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/ConfigExamples/DynamicContent/YouTube.md

            //file not in cache? Get it, send it & save it
            logdata("MISS",$url,$fname);
            $fileptr=fopen($fname,"w");

>             //no validity check, simply don't write the file if we cannot open it. prevents noticeable failure/

Reviewer: contraction
```suggestion
            //no validity check, simply do not write the file if we cannot open it. prevents noticeable failure/
```
